# My Past Life

**Date:** August 3, 2025

# Me
I've lived my childhood life quite good/ok I think.
I wasn't the popular kid, nor the handsome one, nor the sportsperson, nor the charismatic one too
Rather I was fat-nerd topper kind of guy. Well as now I think I never scored a 1st rank in my whole 10th standard and never even tried to get that 1st rank in my division I used to be mostly in 2nd or 3rd place always consistently which I thought was enough because the amount of effort I would have to put in to get one more rank up would drain me and I had other better things to do.

## Things I liked
Well I used to love studying, and maths and science were/are my favourite subjects, I used to love solving math equations when they were simpler, well now calculus sometimes bugs me. As I look back, I had no such thing as hobby that I would do passionately like drawing, singing, dancing etc. But I would definitely like to know more about something more with curious mind and still do, it's like I took pride in information hoarding and still do it now too.

## things I disliked
Well all my childhood I've been called names associated with fat kid and used to hate them but also made peace with after sometime, on top of that I have an unusual surname that's very easy to make fun of, I used to cry about this thing but now I've made peace with it and I rather find it funny and silly now. 

## Current
I have a very loving family who truly love me despite my past mistakes, In my childhood I loved visiting my village and spending time with my relatives and cousins, I used to play on weekends with my friends in my 8th to 10th standard time, we were like a big friend circle and loved these time and still cherish them and feel I actually had a good time with all of them. I used and still loving eating my favourite food, I am a foodie. Also my mother cooks amazing food which I love.

Well until the 10th standard which ended in 2020 just as covid hit, life was pretty normal for me, there was no such thing as greater worry which I do have sometimes in current age. All I had to do was study consistently and do my homework/classword that's all

# My downfall
My real downfall started when I was in 11th standard, I was going through online classes for JEE exams and never used to pay attention in class after sometime and scored a abyssmal 80+ %ile in JEE exams but luckily scored ~95 %ile in mht cet so I took admission in decent college but I sad this whole timeline from 2020 to 2024 mid

# Start of good times and current
From may 2024 I decided to change myself and start building my skills, after which timeline looked like this
- learning webdev skills, js, node, frontent, backend, mongo, postgres, etc and DSA too
- getting placed in company for dev role with very decent package
- doing an unpaid internship and working a medium size real project
- winning an 8 hour hackathon
- working for my college to develop a admissions website for them
- winning an 24hour hackathon
- meeting the most beautiful girl i've ever seen(not gf(yet))
- current time

well that's my past current
thank you for reading
## BYE