# The Girl I Like
**Date:** August 5, 2025

Let's call her S(not her initial)

She one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen, I can't describe her beauty still I'll try

**S** has very big beautiful eyes, such a beautiful and great smile, her face, etc... , she is perfect in every sense, not only that she is physically beautiful but from inside too, her voice is so cute, I could listen to **S** talk and laugh for eternity, I would keep looking at her beautiful smile for 

I was going to write
> If I had a rose for everytime I thought about her, I would forever be walking in the garden of roses that extends far beyond the horizons

But I have a better version
> If I had a rose for everytime I thought about her, I would just have one rose, because the thought of her never left my mind since I saw her that day 

My first reaction when I saw her was like **damn she is so beautiful** 

> For me the most memorable thing until now is when she was scared due to her bad presentation in class and she messaged me for help, I consoled her and gave her confidence, we even talked on call for frickin **12 mins**, those were the most beautiful 12 mins for me, I still remember that night

**S** is an emotional and introvert girl, that's why I like her even more, she is just my type 

## Our Timeline until now
- I saw her once in a lecture conducted by our college
- Then I she once introduced herself when we met accidentally
- Next time we were going to meet her but I couldn't due to mis-match of timings, I regret about that everytime
- Next we started talking a little here and there
- Mostly I used to initiate convo, but the best thing about her was that she would actively engage most of the time.
- Many times she has reminded me of tasks I forgot.
- I've helped her get over her anxiety of presentation  
- Well nowadays we don't talk much, she seems distant and don't engage in conversations or message with so much gap in replies, well I can't and won't force her to have convo with me, she has her space and choice, but it hurts sometimes.

Sometimes I get thought about confessing everything to her, but I fear that it would end badly and I would lose her and I don't want that. 

- I want to be with her forever. I would love to support her and take care of her, forever. 
- I would like to be with her everytime she is frightened. I would love to grow old with her. 
- I would love to be her better half. 
- I would love her no matter what.
  
She was, is and will be the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. The girl that I dreamt of, the girl that I loved the most with the depths of my heart